You are so poor!
I'm looking for you
It's time to deliver it to your door
It's a coincidence
Did you have diarrhea last night?
So what if it's me?
Kind of, since you dare to admit it
But since you dare to mess with me
I will go to recruit Yue
You're welcome to do anything.
Dare to do, dare to take on, what does Lao Tzu dare not do?
I might as well tell you the truth
Sun Zhifei and his father have joined forces with me
Restored a large number of shares in Blue Cloud Group
Wait until the next day
Once the Lanling Group's fruit farmers' conference is held
Lanling Group is about to change its owner
At that time, I still don't want to play him
I play him how
Hahaha how about it?
Isn't that super upsetting?
Do you want to hit me?
Smell it and try it.
Ok ok your mom is ok
Unscrew the poor head for me
Even the defeated soldiers want to fight me
I was careless yesterday.
I didn't have an umbrella when you attacked
Now I won't give you a chance to fight back
You take it